docs(configuration): fix `--inline` usage (#4862)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/dev-server.md

Usage via the CLI

```bash
npx webpack serve --inline
```

> Notice that there's no way to disable it from CLI.

Reviewer: Disable what?

Author: `devServer.inline`

```suggestion
Notice that there's no way to disable `devServer.inline` from CLI.
```

Reviewer: Ahh, uhmm, I think it is fine :)
